README.md, before:

# Symfony Docker Template

A Symfony 6 docker template base project using PHP8, Nginx, MariaDb, RabbitMQ, MailDev.

## Getting Started

1. Clone https://github.com/clmntgbr/setup and run `make start`
2. Clone this repo
3. Run `cp .env.dist .env`
4. Edit the .env file to change PROJECT_NAME variable for renaming containers & directory
5. Run `make init` to initialize the project
6. You can run `make help` to see all commands available

## Overview

Open `https://docker.localhost/dashboard/#/` in your favorite web browser for traefik dashboard

Open `https://maildev.docker.localhost` in your favorite web browser for maildev

Open `https://rabbitmq.docker.localhost` in your favorite web browser for rabbitmq

Open `https://{docker}.docker.localhost` in your favorite web browser for symfony app

## Features

* PHP 8.1.3
* Nginx 1.20
* RabbitMQ 3-management
* MariaDB 10.4.19
* MailDev
* Traefik latest
* Symfony 6.0.5 with some bundles : `symfony/maker-bundle`, `symfony/web-profiler-bundle`, `symfony/messenger`, etc

**Enjoy!**

Commit message:

Adding entities & logic for fridge project

README.md, after:

# Fridge Alert project

backend part for a Fridget Alert project using PHP8, Nginx, MariaDb, RabbitMQ, MailDev.

You will scan the label of a product, it will find it via OpenFoodFact and add it to your virtual fridge, and you can set up some alerts for the consumption date limit (it will detect it via an OCR).

You will receive mail & alerts when the date came close to your setups alerts and you will never forget your product in fridge !

## Getting Started

1. Clone https://github.com/clmntgbr/setup and run `make start`
2. Clone this repo
3. Run `cp .env.dist .env`
4. Edit the .env file to change PROJECT_NAME variable for renaming containers & directory
5. Run `make init` to initialize the project
6. You can run `make help` to see all commands available

## Overview

Open `https://docker.localhost/dashboard/#/` in your favorite web browser for traefik dashboard

Open `https://maildev.docker.localhost` in your favorite web browser for maildev

Open `https://rabbitmq.docker.localhost` in your favorite web browser for rabbitmq

Open `https://fridge.docker.localhost` in your favorite web browser for symfony app

## Features

* PHP 8.1.3
* Nginx 1.20
* RabbitMQ 3-management
* MariaDB 10.4.19
* MailDev
* Traefik latest
* Symfony 6.0.5 with some bundles : `symfony/maker-bundle`, `symfony/web-profiler-bundle`, `symfony/messenger`, etc

**Enjoy!**
